#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 1
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement H
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 2
\use_esint 2
\use_mhchem 2
\use_mathdots 2
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
This folder is used to test the effect of the mass source terms on the simulatio
n of the cold channel flow.
 The detailed description of each test case are listed as follows:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
source_channel_conden.ups: a constant density cold channel flow with a constant
 mass source of 10kg/(m
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

$^3$
\end_layout

\end_inset

s).
 The simulation domain is 1m cubical with mesh size of 0.1m.
 Velocity inlet is set at x- face, outlet is set at x+ face while all the
 other faces are wallBC.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
source_channel_varden.ups: this case is similar with source_channe_conden.ups.
 The difference is that it's a variable density cold channel flow with a
 constant mass source term.
 The VelocityInle at x-face is stream-1 with a velocity of 10m/s and density
 of 1kg/m
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

$^3$
\end_layout

\end_inset

.
 The mass source term is stream-2 and the density is set as 0.3kg/m
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

$^3$
\end_layout

\end_inset

.
 ColdMixing model is adopted to deal with the mixture.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The verification of the mass conservation shows that for constant case (source_c
hannel_conden.ups), the mass conservation is always perfect at different
 mesh size.
 While for the variable case, the mass conservation is better for finer
 mesh size.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
